blond more I am gabriel yáñez and now
we are in a special place because
let's try the equipment that are
watching you on your screens that is
the sound beat
the model is the m efe s / a 9000 and this
micro component has 2.2 channels that
they are integrated in two speakers
each one with its buffer and its speakers
for media and treble has a price of
14 thousand 999 pesos and reach 2 thousand
560 watts of power 3 thousand 720 waters in
peak power also in the part of
back on the power cord and has
several cables to connect the speakers
which are for the subwoofer both its light
as the audio and for the speakers
means and treble also light and
audio for the left and for the
right as auxiliaries has a
back entrance of rca and also
has an antenna for the radio by
forward also has two entrances
auxiliary additional that is one per
3.5 plug and one for microphone too
has two usb entries to be able
connect memories and with a
entry number 2 can be even
record what you are listening to on radio or
on the cd this is where the slot goes here
the radius slot I say of the cde and
what we are seeing at this moment is
the led that is basically the interface
main of the team's is already
on you will see that you have many lights in
red and blue here this button is for
change the radio or the auxiliaries and the
left side has to select already
be the bluetooth or the audio cd in the
knob and from left we see that it has
many other ways to control the
music playback
to the left has the mode of
equalization system giga sound beat
and has this soccer button mode
precisely to increase the audio and
set up a stadium mode on the side
right is the effects knob
that can be turned from one side to the other and
the buttons to choose each of
them to the right is the button
beat weaving to control the pattern of
light the button to turn on the computer and
the button to eject the cb now yes
let's connect them via bluetooth to
through my phone to the speakers ok and
the only thing we are going to do now is
put the music we start with this one
electronics
good
Wow
well, we follow several
meters away from the place where
we are listening to the speakers and they are heard
pretty strong still
there it is until here it arrives
you tell me
ok and that was the review of the
spending mx fs 9000 see you next
week